e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\bin\Debug\AppBarButtonLocalization.exe
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\bin\Debug\AppBarButtonLocalization.pdb
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\bin\Debug\resources.pri
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\bin\Debug\AppBarButtonLocalization.build.appxrecipe
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\App.xaml
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\AppBarButtonLocalization.exe
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\AppBarButtonLocalization.pdb
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
e:\users\cyprien\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AppBarButtonLocalization\AppBarButtonLocalization\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
